General fixes (#29)
actum/aria-hooks: README.md

# @actum-digital/aria-hooks

## Introduction

Aria-hooks is a javascript library for [React](https://reactjs.org/) components.

> It provides a collection of hooks to help spread accessibility on the web, without having to master all aria attributes and specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides a collection of React hooks to help speed up the development of accessible components on the web, without having to master all aria attributes and specifications.
```

$ yarn add @actum-digital/aria-hooks
```

## Documentation

> You can find the aria-hooks documentation [here](https://actum.github.io/aria-hooks).

Reviewer: Do you remember how we should not use links like "click here" or "read more"? 😁
```suggestion
See [aria-hooks on GitHub pages](https://actum.github.io/aria-hooks).
```
